(2) Quinn Introduction Chapter, Connection Setup Page (#921)
quinn-rs/quinn: docs/book/src/quinn/set-up-connection.md

# Connection Setup

In the [previous chapter](certificate.md) we looked at how to configure a certificate.
This aspect is omitted in this chapter to prevent duplication. 
But **remember** that this is required to get your [Endpoint][Endpoint] up and running. 
This chapter explains how to set up a connection and prepare it for data transfer. 

> It all starts with the [Endpoint][Endpoint] struct, this is the entry of the library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It all starts with the [Endpoint][Endpoint] struct, this is the entry point of the library. 
```

## Example

Let's start by defining some constants. 

```rust
static SERVER_NAME: &str = "localhost";

fn client_addr() -> SocketAddr {
    "127.0.0.1:5000".parse::<SocketAddr>().unwrap()
}

fn server_addr() -> SocketAddr {
    "127.0.0.1:5001".parse::<SocketAddr>().unwrap()
}
```   

> On both the client and the server, the [EndpointBuilder][EndpointBuilder] should be used to configure an endpoint. 
> The [bind(address)][bind] method initializes a UDP socket on the specified address.
> It is also possible to provide Quinn with an initialized socket via [with_socket()][with_socket]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On both the client and the server, the [EndpointBuilder][EndpointBuilder] should be used to configure an endpoint. 
It is also possible to provide Quinn with an initialized socket via [with_socket()][with_socket]. 
```

**Server**

First, the server endpoint should be bound to a socket. 

> The [bind()][bind] method, which can be used for this, returns a tuple with the `Endpoint` and `Incomming` types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [bind()][bind] method, which can be used for this, returns a tuple containing the `Endpoint` and `Incoming` types. 
```

The `Endpoint` type can be used to start outgoing connections, and the `Incoming` type can be used to listen for incoming connections.

```rust
async fn server() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    let mut endpoint_builder = Endpoint::builder();
    // Configure this endpoint as a server by passing in `ServerConfig`.
    endpoint_builder.listen(ServerConfig::default());

    // Bind this endpoint to a UDP socket on the given server address. 
    let (endpoint, mut incoming) = endpoint_builder.bind(&server_addr())?;

    // Start iterating over incoming connections.
    while let Some(conn) = incoming.next().await {
        let mut connection: NewConnection = conn.await?;

        // Save connection somewhere, start transferring, receiving data, see DataTransfer tutorial.
    }

    Ok(())
}
```

**Client**

The client needs to connect to the server using the [connect(server_name)][connect] method.  

> The argument 'server name' is the DNS name (matching the certificate configured in the server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SERVER_NAME` argument is the DNS name, matching the certificate configured in the server.
```

```rust
async fn client() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    let mut endpoint_builder = Endpoint::builder();

    // Bind this endpoint to a UDP socket on the given client address.
    let (endpoint, _) = endpoint_builder.bind(&client_addr())?;

    // Connect to the server passing in the server name which is supposed to be in the server certificate.

>     let connection: NewConnection = endpoint
>         .connect(&server_addr(), SERVER_NAME)?
>         .await?;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let connection = endpoint.connect(&server_addr(), SERVER_NAME)?.await?;
```

    // Start transferring, receiving data, see data transfer page.

    Ok(())
}
```
<br><hr>

> [Nextup](set-up-connection.md), lets have a look at sending data over this connection.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Next up](set-up-connection.md), let's have a look at sending data over this connection.  
```

# Connection Setup

In the [previous chapter](certificate.md) we looked at how to configure a certificate.
This aspect is omitted in this chapter to prevent duplication. 
But **remember** that is is required to get your [Endpoint][Endpoint] up and running. 
This chapter explains how to set up a connection and prepare it for data transfer. 

It all starts with the [Endpoint][Endpoint] struct, this is the entry of the library. 

## Example

Let's start by defining some constants. 

```rust
static SERVER_NAME: &str = "localhost";

fn client_addr() -> SocketAddr {
    "127.0.0.1:5000".parse::<SocketAddr>().unwrap()
}

fn server_addr() -> SocketAddr {
    "127.0.0.1:5001".parse::<SocketAddr>().unwrap()
}
```   

For both the server and the client we use the [EndpointBuilder][EndpointBuilder]. 

> The [EndpointBuilder][EndpointBuilder] has a method [bind(address)][bind] with which you link an address to the endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [EndpointBuilder][EndpointBuilder] has a method [bind(address)][bind] method with which you link an address to the endpoint. 
```

> This method initializes a UDP-socket that is used by quinn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method initializes a UDP socket that is used by Quinn.
```

> If you need more control over the socket creation, it is also possible to initialize a quinn endpoint with an existing UDP socket with [with_socket][with_socket]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need more control over the socket creation, it is also possible to initialize a Quinn endpoint with an existing UDP socket with [with_socket()][with_socket]. 
```

**Server**

> Just like a TCP Listener, you have to listen to incoming connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with TCP, your server will start by listening for new connections.
```

> Before you can listen to connections you need to configure the [EndpointBuilder][EndpointBuilder] as a server. 
> Note that the configuration itself does not perform any listening logic, instead use the `Incomming` type returned by [bind()][bind].  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One your [EndpointBuilder][EndpointBuilder] has been configured, it must be bound to a socket address. The [bind()][bind] used to do this will return an `Endpoint` type that can be used to start new outgoing connections as well as an `Incoming` type used to listen for incoming connections.
```

Author: The proposed version contains some errors, I see what your trying to point at. I reworte this to:
```
First, the Quinn endpoint should be bound to a socket. The [bind()][bind] method, which can be used for this, returns an `Endpoint` and an `Incomming` type. The `Endpoint` type can be used to start outgoing connections, and the `Incoming` type can be used to listen for incoming connections.
```

```rust
async fn server() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    let mut endpoint_builder = Endpoint::builder();
    // Configure this endpoint as a server by passing in `ServerConfig`.
    endpoint_builder.listen(ServerConfig::default());

    // Bind this endpoint to a UDP socket on the given server address. 
    let (endpoint, mut incoming) = endpoint_builder.bind(&server_addr())?;

    // Start iterating over incoming connections.
    while let Some(conn) = incoming.next().await {
        let mut connection: NewConnection = conn.await?;

        // Save connection somewhere, start transferring, receiving data, see DataTransfer tutorial.
    }

    Ok(())
}
```

**Client**

Just like a TCP client, you need to connect to a listening endpoint (the server).

> In quinn you can do this with the method [connect()][connect].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Quinn you can do this with the [connect()][connect] method.
```

> The [connect()][connect] method has an argument 'server name' which has to be the name that is in the configured certificate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [connect()][connect] method has an argument 'server name' which is the DNS name (matching the certificate configured in the server).
```
